README.md, before:

<h1 align='center'>ULTIMATE JS PROBLEM BANK</h1>

![GitHub last commit](https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/demondaddy22/ultimate-js-problem-bank?color=%2322577A&style=for-the-badge)
![GitHub repo stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/DemonDaddy22/ultimate-js-problem-bank?color=%2338A3A5&style=for-the-badge)
![GitHub repo forks](https://img.shields.io/github/forks/DemonDaddy22/ultimate-js-problem-bank?color=%2357CC99&style=for-the-badge)
![GitHub repo size](https://img.shields.io/github/repo-size/demondaddy22/ultimate-js-problem-bank?color=%2380ED99&style=for-the-badge)

A collection of concepts, problems, and interview questions to help you prepare for frontend development roles.

_Covers_: **JavaScript · TypeScript · ReactJS · React Native · HTML · CSS**

## JavaScript

- [Implement a curry function](./javascript/curry.js)
- [Implement a curry function with a placeholder](./javascript/curryWithPlaceholder.js) ⭐
- [Implement a function which flattens an array upto given depth](./javascript/flattenArray.js)
- [Implement a debounce function](./javascript/debounce.js)
- [Implement a throttle function](./javascript/throttle.js) ⭐
- [Implement a pipe function](./javascript/pipe.js), which chains multiple functions together to create a new function
- [Implement an exclude items function](./javascript/improveAFunction.js), which accepts a list of items and a list of filter properties based upon which we need to remove the corresponding entries from the list of items
- [Implement a shuffle function](./javascript/arrayShuffle.js), which should modify the array inline to generate a randomly picked permutation at the same probability
- [Implement a decode function](./javascript/decode.js)
- [Implement a first bad version function](./javascript/firstBadVersion.js)
- [Implement a memo function](./javascript/memo.js)
- [Implement a queue using stack(s)](./javascript/queueUsingStack.js)
- [Implement an immutability helper function](./javascript/immutabilityHelper.js) ⭐
- [Implement a DOM node store](./javascript/nodeStore.js)
- [Find corresponding node in two identical DOM trees](./javascript/correspondingNode.js) ⭐
- [Implement an event emitter](./javascript/eventEmitter.js)
- [Implement a simple DOM wrapper](./javascript/methodChaining.js), to support method chaining like jQuery
- [Implement a function to detect type of argument](./javascript/detectType.js)
- [Implement a debounce function with options](./javascript/debounceWithOptions.js) ⭐
- [Implement a throttle function with options](./javascript/throttleWithOptions.js) ⭐
- [Implement a function to reorder array](./javascript/reorderArray.js)
- [Implement a sum function](./javascript/sum.js) ⭐
- [Implement a clearAllTimeout function](./javascript/clearAllTimeout.js)
- [Implement a Promise race function](./javascript/promiseRace.js)
- [Implement a Promise all function](./javascript/promiseAll.js)
- [Implement a Promise any function](./javascript/promiseAny.js)
- [Implement a Promise all settled function](./javascript/promiseAllSettled.js)
- [Implement your own Promise](./javascript/myPromise.js) ⭐
- [Implement a promise retry function](./javascript/promiseRetry.js)

## ReactJS

- [Create a counter app](./react/src/components/Counter/)
- [Implement a useTimeout custom hook](./react/src/hooks/useTimeout.ts)
- [Implement a useIsFirstRender custom hook](./react/src/hooks/useIsFirstRender.ts)
- [Implement a usePrevious custom hook](./react/src/hooks/usePrevious.ts)
- [Implement a useHover custom hook](./react/src/hooks/useHover.ts) ⭐
- [Implement a useToggle custom hook](./react/src/hooks/useToggle.ts)
- [Implement a useEffectOnce custom hook](./react/src/hooks/useEffectOnce.ts)
- [Implement a useDebounceValue custom hook](./react/src/hooks/useDebounceValue.ts)
- [Implement a useMounted custom hook](./react/src/hooks/useIsMounted.ts)
- [Implement a useArray custom hook](./react/src/hooks/useArray.ts)
- [Implement a useSWR custom hook](./react/src/hooks/useSWR.ts)
- [Implement a useFocus custom hook](./react/src/hooks/useFocus.ts)
- [Create a phone number input app](./react/src/components/PhoneNumberInput/) ⭐
- [Create a counter app with useCounter hook](./react/src/components/CounterWithHook/)
- [Create a todo app with filters and local storage](./react/src/components/TodoListWithFilter/)
- [Create an FAQs accordion list](./react/src/components/FAQAccordion/)
- [Create a product search box with debouncing](./react/src/components/SearchBox/)
- [Create a form with validation](./react/src/components/FormValidation/)

## Vanilla (HTML, CSS, JavaScript)

- [Create a progress bar](./vanilla/progressBar/);

Commit message:

Implement a comment section with support for nested replies

README.md, after:

<h1 align='center'>ULTIMATE JS PROBLEM BANK</h1>

![GitHub last commit](https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/demondaddy22/ultimate-js-problem-bank?color=%2322577A&style=for-the-badge)
![GitHub repo stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/DemonDaddy22/ultimate-js-problem-bank?color=%2338A3A5&style=for-the-badge)
![GitHub repo forks](https://img.shields.io/github/forks/DemonDaddy22/ultimate-js-problem-bank?color=%2357CC99&style=for-the-badge)
![GitHub repo size](https://img.shields.io/github/repo-size/demondaddy22/ultimate-js-problem-bank?color=%2380ED99&style=for-the-badge)

A collection of concepts, problems, and interview questions to help you prepare for frontend development roles.

_Covers_: **JavaScript · TypeScript · ReactJS · React Native · HTML · CSS**

## JavaScript

- [Implement a curry function](./javascript/curry.js)
- [Implement a curry function with a placeholder](./javascript/curryWithPlaceholder.js) ⭐
- [Implement a function which flattens an array upto given depth](./javascript/flattenArray.js)
- [Implement a debounce function](./javascript/debounce.js)
- [Implement a throttle function](./javascript/throttle.js) ⭐
- [Implement a pipe function](./javascript/pipe.js), which chains multiple functions together to create a new function
- [Implement an exclude items function](./javascript/improveAFunction.js), which accepts a list of items and a list of filter properties based upon which we need to remove the corresponding entries from the list of items
- [Implement a shuffle function](./javascript/arrayShuffle.js), which should modify the array inline to generate a randomly picked permutation at the same probability
- [Implement a decode function](./javascript/decode.js)
- [Implement a first bad version function](./javascript/firstBadVersion.js)
- [Implement a memo function](./javascript/memo.js)
- [Implement a queue using stack(s)](./javascript/queueUsingStack.js)
- [Implement an immutability helper function](./javascript/immutabilityHelper.js) ⭐
- [Implement a DOM node store](./javascript/nodeStore.js)
- [Find corresponding node in two identical DOM trees](./javascript/correspondingNode.js) ⭐
- [Implement an event emitter](./javascript/eventEmitter.js)
- [Implement a simple DOM wrapper](./javascript/methodChaining.js), to support method chaining like jQuery
- [Implement a function to detect type of argument](./javascript/detectType.js)
- [Implement a debounce function with options](./javascript/debounceWithOptions.js) ⭐
- [Implement a throttle function with options](./javascript/throttleWithOptions.js) ⭐
- [Implement a function to reorder array](./javascript/reorderArray.js)
- [Implement a sum function](./javascript/sum.js) ⭐
- [Implement a clearAllTimeout function](./javascript/clearAllTimeout.js)
- [Implement a Promise race function](./javascript/promiseRace.js)
- [Implement a Promise all function](./javascript/promiseAll.js)
- [Implement a Promise any function](./javascript/promiseAny.js)
- [Implement a Promise all settled function](./javascript/promiseAllSettled.js)
- [Implement your own Promise](./javascript/myPromise.js) ⭐
- [Implement a promise retry function](./javascript/promiseRetry.js)

## ReactJS

- [Create a counter app](./react/src/components/Counter/)
- [Implement a useTimeout custom hook](./react/src/hooks/useTimeout.ts)
- [Implement a useIsFirstRender custom hook](./react/src/hooks/useIsFirstRender.ts)
- [Implement a usePrevious custom hook](./react/src/hooks/usePrevious.ts)
- [Implement a useHover custom hook](./react/src/hooks/useHover.ts) ⭐
- [Implement a useToggle custom hook](./react/src/hooks/useToggle.ts)
- [Implement a useEffectOnce custom hook](./react/src/hooks/useEffectOnce.ts)
- [Implement a useDebounceValue custom hook](./react/src/hooks/useDebounceValue.ts)
- [Implement a useMounted custom hook](./react/src/hooks/useIsMounted.ts)
- [Implement a useArray custom hook](./react/src/hooks/useArray.ts)
- [Implement a useSWR custom hook](./react/src/hooks/useSWR.ts)
- [Implement a useFocus custom hook](./react/src/hooks/useFocus.ts)
- [Create a phone number input app](./react/src/components/PhoneNumberInput/) ⭐
- [Create a counter app with useCounter hook](./react/src/components/CounterWithHook/)
- [Create a todo app with filters and local storage](./react/src/components/TodoListWithFilter/)
- [Create an FAQs accordion list](./react/src/components/FAQAccordion/)
- [Create a product search box with debouncing](./react/src/components/SearchBox/)
- [Create a form with validation](./react/src/components/FormValidation/)

## Vanilla (HTML, CSS, JavaScript)

- [Create a progress bar](./vanilla/progressBar/)
- [Create a comment section with support for nested replies](./vanilla/commentSection/)
